Update SelectTHC template to allow batching of Givens rotations (#8682)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  work wire and :class:`pennylane.TemporaryAND` operators to reduce the resources needed.
  [(#8549)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8549)

> * :class:`~pennylane.estimator.templates.SelectTHC` template was modified to allow trade-off between qubits and T-gates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :class:`~.pennylane.estimator.templates.SelectTHC` template now allows for a trade-off between qubits and T-gates. This provides greater flexibility in optimizing algorithms.
```
